---
layout: post
categories: [Random]
title: I'm Back
---
<p>After a long hiatus I'm going to start blogging again.</p>
<p>"Where have you been?" you might ask. &nbsp;Well, I've had a few big changes in my life this past year. &nbsp;</p>
<p>First, I took a new job at <a href="http://www.winxnet.com" title="Winxnet" target="_blank">Winxnet</a>, a software consulting and IT management company based in Portland, Maine. &nbsp;It's been a big switch. <!--more--> &nbsp;The first contract I was assigned to was an enormous&nbsp;SharePoint&nbsp;project. Being a WPF developer, the switch to web development really stretched me, and the Sharepoint part was just an extra wrench thrown in the works. &nbsp;I was learning a lot of things that most web and/or SharePoint developers would probably consider pretty basic. &nbsp;It's always fun getting stretched like that, but it left no time or energy for blogging.</p>
<p>Second, in April my second child was born. &nbsp;Anyone with kids knows that I get a free pass for a few months for that, no questions asked.</p>
<p>Third, I've started another side project (no public details yet). &nbsp;This has eaten up a bunch of time the last couple of months, but it has also got my gears turning with ideas for blog posts.</p>
<p>Oh, and one more thing. &nbsp;My install of Wordpress died. &nbsp;I can no longer log into the admin account. &nbsp;Rather than spend the time trying to solve the underlying issue I thought I'd check some other CMSs. &nbsp;I'll be migrating my old posts over the next week, then I'll actually create a few new techy posts.</p>

